readme.md, before:

### Features

- Browse characters from PoE account.
- Combined stats data from the passive skill tree and items into easier to browse structure.
- Combined stat: from tree, from jewels, from items etc..
- You can search and add favorite stats.
- Add multiple favorite accounts and easily switch between them.
- Integrated search for characters and separation by league.
- Visualization of skills and their support gems.

### Profile How does it work?

#### We are using data available from public accounts from pathofexile.com API:
- 'POST','https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-characters'
- 'form_params' => ['accountName' => [AccountName]]
- returns all characters from [AcccountName]
- 'POST','https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-items'
- 'form_params' => ['accountName' => [AccountName],'character' => [CharName]]
- returns [CharName] items
- 'GET',https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-passive-skills?character=[CharName]&accountName=[AccountName]
- returns [CharName] passive skill points and jewels

### How to run our poject localy
- clone the project from github
- run "composer install" and "npm install" in console so you have all required dependecys, look at composer.json and package.json
- migrate database using "php artisan migrate"
- run "npm run watch" to compile all javascript

Commit message:

add adblock detection, update ladder commands,small fixes

readme.md, after:

### Features

- Browse characters from PoE account.
- Combined stats data from the passive skill tree and items into easier to browse structure.
- Combined stat: from tree, from jewels, from items etc..
- You can search and add favorite stats.
- Add multiple favorite accounts and easily switch between them.
- Integrated search for characters and separation by league.
- Visualization of skills and their support gems.
- Added Life and Mana globes , Show Life and Mana auras reservation
- Ladder page, where you can see public accounts and their characters from chosen league
- Twitch page, where you can see online streamers and their last played character
- Builds, you can save Snapshot of gear and skill tree (saved build can be shared)

### Profile How does it work?

#### We are using data available from public accounts from pathofexile.com API:
- 'POST','https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-characters' 'form_params' => ['accountName' => [AccountName]]
returns all characters from [AcccountName]
- 'POST','https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-items' 'form_params' => ['accountName' => [AccountName],'character' => [CharName]]
returns [CharName] items
-  'GET',https://www.pathofexile.com/character-window/get-passive-skills?character=[CharName]&accountName=[AccountName]
returns [CharName] passive skill points and jewels

### How to run our project
 - clone the project from github
 - run "composer install" and "npm install" in console so you have all required dependecys, look at composer.json and package.json
 - rename .env.example file to .env
 - run 'php artisan key:generate'
 - add database config in '.env' file (DB_DATABASE, DB_USERNAME, DB_PASSWORD)
 - migrate database using "php artisan migrate"
 - run "npm run watch" to compile all javascript
